Hey, what are you upto?

Is everything alright?

Sorry i forgot, what's your name?

Oh okay nice name you got.

Can i ask your age?

Haha you seems to be a small kid, no?

My age? I'm atleast 3 years older than you.

Just introduce yourself in a better way.

What do you do?

Oh nice 
Software eng. Is good field 
I'm also doing bscs from uol

Yeah. It's great. The environment is just so refreshing.

The only thing i don't like about this u niversity is the behaviour of the staff

Well if i talk about behaviour i mean they just don't cooperate much. Other than that the buildings or cafeteria or even studying is great here.

Why didn't you apply for uol?

Haha that's the only reason every other student give.

Why do you people think uol just need money?

Well i don't think so because i just came to know a person who was willing to sustain here and they just kicked him out because he wasn't eligible.
Yeah why would i lie with you?
It's a great university
The staff is good
The schools
The grounds
The deans.

Everyone here is just so amazing
The food is also hygenic.

We have almost learnt the programming.

It's a bit difficult
For those who don't take interest in it but
Very easy for those who does it with interest and passion.

Leave all that
Just tell me what is your obsession in life?
Because a man without any obsession has no right to live i guess.

Well, according to me social work is something you should always look forward
Beacuse when you help someone you really get your soul freshed up.

I was once with pti isf.

I've seen it live ppl were coming and donating for the flood victims and and all the needy ppl.

The look on the face of poor was very depressing for me because i just thought for a min
That what are we doing to the country?
Quaid-e-azam made for us
Just for the sake of money we polish the boots of american's
Was that the reason for making a seperate nation for muslims?
Where they can be slaves to the americans more easily? NO
we are slaves of these corrupt politicians.

We are divided into pti pml ppp
I just think that we should bring some change now.

Now you'll ask me what change imran khan can bring if he has all those corrupt politicians with him?

Oh yes i'll answer that with a quote of quaid-e-azam
""I know i have some bad ppl around me, but when your dream is big you have to bring all to make it possible"".

So saying that he has all those corrupt one is true
But you have to see the  consequences
He doesn't have a single
Corruption charge on him
He never looted the country
Some of his achievements are mentioned below
People discouraged him
That you cannot play cricket
He played
They said you can never be a good fast bowler
He made himself the greatest of all time
They say you can't win this team worldcup
He atlast in his career made that possible too
After that he wanted to build a camcer hospital
People said you can't build a cancer hospital in pakistan
Where you can give free treatment to people?
He even made that possible
People said you have no future in politics
He didn't give up and continued the struggle.

And in 2011 he shut all his  opponents and became the biggest party in pakistan
He almost done everything
People discouraged him on.

He's an ispiration dude
You can never get a better and honest
Politician than imran khan

Haha uss baray main mujhe nahi pata

Yaar main sach kah raha hoon nai pata

Rujhe pata hai?

Kya pta chala tujhe?

Oyee yaar i was there
Nothing really happend
Multan was full of joy
Crowd bohat acha tha
Govt ki galti thi

Oye nahi govt ki thi kyun k
Lights off hogayein thin
Ab usme imran khan ki
Kya galti
Doors bhi band kardiye thy
Stadium k
Log cheekh rahay thay khol do
Nahi khola
Administration was also responsible
Par yaar why are we arguementing

Yaaar imran khan ne nahi kaha wo
Shah mehmood qureishi tha wo
Jisne kaha jab btaya dj butt ne
K log behosh hogaye

Tou he said ""khair hai"".

Lol imran khan ki speech k darmiaan tou usne roki speech or kaha
Yeh larkon ko ambulance ki taraf lao

Yaaar galat bat nai karni chahye

Haan i agree usko shah mehmood ko rokna chahye thabus waqt

K speech roko zara apni
Par galtiaan hotien hain
Par is base py kya yeh kahdena chahye k vote nai dena? Pm nai banana?
Stupid hi lagta hai.

Yaar imran khan govt agar free and fair elections ho tou bana sakta hai par america beech main ata hai bus

What are you doing?

Teri main bund marta hoon ruk

Hey whats up

You know what

I'm going for shot

Eill you come hete

I don't want to live
I just wanted you to go
But i just couldn't go
I don't what to do now

Hey its me

What else you want

I'm going for bestival

Its gonna be fun

Are you coming

Its in rauwind

You gotta be killing me

I'm not up

Come up with something really funny

I really don't jnow what to fo

It's urgent if you can tolerate

I don't want to come to college becayse
I'm going for bestibal

Its so much fun for it

What are you doing for it

I didn't wnat to come

Seriously are you coming or not

What the heck is happening

What else you can send

Last night i came to you
I knocked the door but you didn't come outside
Then your  little sister came outside
 
And you know sister in law is half wife 
And i'm totally a pervert
And she then offered me to come in
I entered and sat on the dinning
she then served me dinner and all the
Good stuff
