Answer for me soon tell soon 	

I'm leaving to germany you will call me in hours soon 	

Tell me soon about that i'm going out 	

Think and tell me . Soon 	

Call back me i'm out for you :)  	

Answer me i'm out for you 	

I'm out again for lunch 	

Think about us please. . I 'm mad 	

Tell soon please i'm out your door 	

I'm waiting for something . Tel 	

Soon please you think think all about . I say you  	

I will  think now to let you stop please 	

Soon as soon tell me please  	

Answer me please or i will out yours door  	

Please text me back kindly tell me . I want you to 	

Please try to solve it down. . I request you for this 	

Tell me soon. I will try it out for you 	

Kindly think about that please ask and dm 	

Think and tell me soon. :-( 	

Easy and try out for my work. Please i'm leaving in night for enjoy 	

Tell i'm going to leave the hotel 	

You will answer me tell!!!! 	

What going on tell yar 	

Tell me about that please :( 	

What you think about the job of car taking :)  	

Tell me i'm going you pick you up 	

I'm waiting for you will answer me tell soon 	

You will answer me !!!! 	

What you think ???? 	

I'm going for tea will you come !!! 	

Always be happy :-) to to what's up !!! 	

Be happy sorry for late replay i was in car driving 	

He is saying me to call him but now  i have to go for dinner. 	

Ya i now you will be happy for my job. 	

Shell you be in touch with me for a lunch 	

Ya i now  its my mistake. Sorry 	

I'm out will you wait for me?? 	

You shell help me out for a job.  	

I will call you but wait . I'm in party 	

I watch the waar film today its superb. 	

I shell sent you my gift by some one . 	

I 'm tried because of this job . Do somethink 	

If you sent me ooo rupess i will sent back. Want to buy a bike  	

I was thinking to change my car. What you think its to old now 	

Let's go for shoping after dinner what you think. 	

I was going out and saw your friend rida . 	

May be you shell think about the mobile again before selling it. 	

Today wether to sweet. Lets plan for a lunch out .  	

When you free and fresh then call me no problem :) 	

I was thinking you shell call me ?? 	

I will try to call you but there network to week sending text also fail many time.  	

I got news you will get new laptop of dell. :-) so lucky 	

How's yours study going on. My subject's of computer to hard. 	

I'm waiting for yours text 	

All is fine .!! Were you busy 	

What's up going on ?? 	

Hey how are you !! 	

Oo text . 	

kaha bag gay ho? 	

wait plz  	

. py point nikle gy 	

tanshet kh raha ha k treat nae khani agr mes k krna ha tou 	

a jau 	

Finance main zyada achy jobs hain  	

Ni kam kr ri main 	

Beta wo new bna hai fee same hai ap uski jaga cmsats lahore kr do apply  	

Main fit 	

Lec main apko sham main kr dun g cause abi meri flash friend k pas hai 	

Hani kb tk ana hai tea bags r in ur cupboard 	

Working on python 	

Balance khtm ho gya 	 i m just coming  

Kesi ja ri hain classes ? Ragging to ni hwi? 	

Ambren main first wala paper kr ln g. Os ka. 	

Kr li thy bat but thori hwi phr mera balance finish ho gya. 	 me ny abstract ko summarize nae kia  

Name abdul ghafar hai 	  secondly HR main  

ko wapas mile gi degree. 	

Pata nai may be eid k bad 	

