Chal sae hai pick karlunga

Where did you studyy 

Where did you do your matricultaion?

How was your experience there in matric?

How many friends did you make there

How many people do you know from sialkot

How are you this morning..did you have breakfast

Mein tu pehla din se yhi keh raha hun

Bhai subah kitna baja ana hai apnay?

At what time are you expecting me to come?

Calculus ki assignment karli hai bhai?

Where did you get that shirt from ?

How are your parents now?

What did they bring yiu from london?

Did they have fun in london?

What did you do when they were gone?

How many times do i have to repeat myself

Please stop texting me and please dont do it again

I dont know if im going to come tommorow

There is no absolute meaning to my words.

I dont know if this thing can continue anymore

People need to realise the importence of education

Education is what that seperates us from animals

It is the devine law of nature that makes us who we are

Work hard in silence let your success make all the noise

Be who you strive to be and not what the world wants you to be

If you let people judge you for who you are you have failed 

This is the most boring assignment ever

Hi how are you doing? 

Wannaa come over to my placee? 

There are two people in the world .

Zondagi mein kuch aisa kaam karo ka

Naam banjaye or loog salaam karein .

Ya phir aisa kaam karo kay tmahra naam letay hi

Tmhara naam letay hi tmhara kaam banjayee

Har insaan ku ek hi cheez ki talaash

Har ek insaan ko paisayyy ki pyaass hai

Har kisi ko nahi miltaa yahan pyar zindagi mein

Dunya mein loog aisay hi hain jaisay mithai ka dabbay mein

Har koi sirf apnay baray mein hi sochta rehta aur sirf apna baray mein

Har kisi ko har kisi ka liya banaya gaya hai lekin koi kisi ki na

Loog jitna marzii apka banjayee ek din sabnay chor jana hai

Har bandayy ko chahiya ka apna hisaab sa mohabbat karay har bandau pr

Har koi apko fiada ki liya use karega lekin you have to stay strong

This is the time you realise that karma will one day fuck up that person

This is the time you have to create hate in yourself and realise that fuck haters

This the time yu have to make your walls so high that nobody could break them

You became vunerable once.you beacane weak and what did that gave you?

Nothing but pain and pain onlyy..people only care for looks there is no sweetneaa

Jitna bhi kisi ka liya karlo kuch bhi ek na ek din wo sab bhool jaigaa aur tum whaan hogau

Tu phir kyun apnay app ko is position mein laya jaye jahan loog tmhay aur doubt karein

Kyun logon ko ye ehsas diya jaye ka wo ek kamyaab kaam kar ka niklay hain

Kisi bhi insaan ka dil torna achi baat nai hoti kisi bhi insaan ka dil is trha tor dena

Karma ek aisi cheez hai jo har kisi ko jakar leti hai

Ek na ek din usko ehsaas hoga kab usnay kya kho diya or tumnay kya oaya

Ek din jab wo akelay beth kar socha ga ka meinay ye kya kiya tab tum aik aisi jaga hogay

Jahab tmhay parwa bhi nai hogii uskii aur jahan tum itna opar hoga ka aisi larkiyon se khud door jaogay

Insaan ka pass larkiyan ati jati hain lekin rehtay sirf maa baap hi hain

Unki qadar karna seekho wo hi tu hain jo sirf apka sath nai chortay

Banda bc thank you keh deta hai assignment ka lia

Hahaha ma  im sorry i kinda over reacted lol i should have tolreated the mazaak because we're brothers at the end of the day :D Haha its just that sadaf wala part got me sad kinda lol but its kay mab you guys be my laavv :* Would would i be without you yeah? Isliya is okayy brother dont feel bad 

Nabeel ka ghr pnch kar text karna mjhe mein phir direct aonga aur mera na bolna

Boi meri cousin ki engagment hai ajj tu mein tu whaan hun raat ko aonga late.

Khairrr Muabrikk :'D Eid Mubarik to you aswell :) 

Lets start a debate on women rights and their position 

Women have have been termed as a sex object in the previous times aswll

They were only looked upon for making babies

They were never respected and were literally treared worse than animals

They were burned alive and sometimes even killed

They were never too be given proper education and were deprived of it

They were always narrowed down to men and always kept off politics aswell

It is noted that why did men do this? That is to obtain posession

That is to only show what they have dominance over and over everything

They were never too relaxed upon women and they were always kept mellow

It it then the time came when women were finally recognised as humans

They were finally given some freedom and they were treated as equals

They were known to be a part of the societyy and honstly that is not what societt memt

There was no social integeration and though women were never ever 

Respected enough to be treated as equals until the work of many struggling people

They made everyone realise what rights women held in the society and what did they command of
